# Domain-driven design - Warehouse

## Mapping domain

### 游릭 Entity: Product
- ID
- Product Code
- Name
- Purchase Date
- Purchase Price
- Sale Price
- Position
- Color
- Size

### 游릭 Entity: Stock
- ID
- Product Code
- Products[]
- Min Quantity
- Quantity

### 游릭 Entity: Stock Movement Register
- Product ID
- Product Code
- Type (in or out)
- DateTime
- Quantity in DateTime
- Price

### 游릭 Entity: Stock Alert
- ID
- Stock
- Date

### 游릭 Entity: Sale
- ID
- Products[]
- Total Price
- DateTime

### 游릭 Entity: Purchase Order
- ID
- Product Code
- Quantity
- Total Price
- Date
- Delivery Date

### 游 Use Case: Selling a product
- For a product to be sold, the product must exist in Stock.
- If there is a product in Stock, the oldest Product will be sold.
- The product will be removed from your Inventory and transferred to a new Sale.
- The quantity of Stock must be reduced.
- If the quantity of Products in Stock is equal to or less than the minimum quantity, a Stock Alert must be created.

### 游 Use Case: View Stock X Sales Report
- The user must inform the date range (start date and end date).
- Get the first record of the day from the Quantity in DateTime of the Stock Movement Register for each day within the date range. If there is no record for the day, use the value of the last record found.
- Calculate the total sales per day of each selected product using the respective sales price. Do the same with the purchase price.
- Calculate the total profit generated by subtracting the sum of every day's sales prices from the sum of every day's purchase prices.
